Update README.md with Support information (#263)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native: README.md

> # Bitmovin Player React Native

Reviewer: In general, what do you think about changing the structure a bit & renaming headings to eg something like this:

## Platform Support
## Feature Support
## Documentation
## Maintenance and Updates
## Contributing to this project
## Raising a feature suggestion
## Reporting a bug
## Support and SLA disclaimer
## Need more help?

> This is an open-source project created to enable customers to integrate the Bitmovin mobile Player SDKs into React Native projects. It has been created to provide customers with a starting point, which can be built upon through active collaboration and contributions. We look forward to seeing this library expand and grow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an open-source project created to enable customers to integrate the Bitmovin mobile Player SDKs into React Native projects. It has been created to provide customers with a starting point, which can be built upon through active collaboration and contributions. We look forward to seeing this library expand and grow.
```

> > As the library is under active development, this means certain features from our native SDKs are not yet exposed through these React Native bindings.

Reviewer: To be consistent:
```suggestion
> As the library is under active development, this means certain features from our mobile Player SDKs are not yet exposed through these React Native bindings.
```

## Maintenance and Updates
As an open source project, this library is not part of a regular maintenance or update schedule and is updated on an adhoc basis when contributions are made.

## Contributions to this project

> We are pleased to accept any and all changes, updates and fixes from the community wishing to use and expand this project. Bitmovin will review any pull requests made. We do our best to provide timely feedback, but please note that no SLAs apply. New releases are tagged and published on our discretion. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on how to contribute.

Reviewer: `any and all` is a bit too much IMO:
```suggestion
We are pleased to accept changes, updates and fixes from the community wishing to use and expand this project. Bitmovin will review any Pull Requests made. We do our best to provide timely feedback, but please note that no SLAs apply. New releases are tagged and published on our discretion. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on how to contribute.
```

Please refer to the [Features](https://developer.bitmovin.com/playback/docs/react-native-introduction#features) section of our documentation for an up-to-date list of supported Player features.

## Raising a Feature Suggestion

> As an open-source project, we are pleased to accept any and all changes, updates and fixes from the community wishing to use and expand this project. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on how to contribute.

Reviewer: Same here:
```suggestion
As an open-source project, we are pleased to accept changes, updates and fixes from the community wishing to use and expand this project. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on how to contribute.
```

In the [/example/](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native/tree/development/example) folder you can find a sample application showcasing many of the features of the Player React Native SDK.

## Maintenance and Updates
As an open source project, this library is not part of a regular maintenance or update schedule and is updated on an adhoc basis when contributions are made.

> ## Contributions to this project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contributing to this project
```

We are pleased to accept changes, updates and fixes from the community wishing to use and expand this project. Bitmovin will review any Pull Requests made. We do our best to provide timely feedback, but please note that no SLAs apply. New releases are tagged and published on our discretion. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on how to contribute.

## Raising a Feature Suggestion
As an open-source project, we are pleased to accept changes, updates and fixes from the community wishing to use and expand this project. Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more details on how to contribute.

> If you see something missing that might be useful but dont want to contribute, please feel free to share your idea with us by visiting the [Bitmovin community](https://community.bitmovin.com/t/how-to-submit-a-feature-request-to-us/1463) and submitting your ideas as a feature insight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you see something missing that might be useful but don't want to contribute, please feel free to [submit a feature request](https://community.bitmovin.com/t/how-to-submit-a-feature-request-to-us/1463) through the Bitmovin Community.
```

> ## Reporting player bugs
> If you come across a bug related to the Player React Native SDK, please raise this through your support ticketing system accessible through your [Bitmovin Dashboard](https://dashboard.bitmovin.com/support/tickets).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reporting a bug
If you come across a bug related to the Player React Native SDK, please raise this through the support ticketing system accessible in your [Bitmovin Dashboard](https://dashboard.bitmovin.com/support/tickets).
```

## Support and SLA Disclaimer
As an open-source project and not a core product offering, any request, issue or query related to this project is excluded from any SLA and Support terms that a customer might have with either Bitmovin or another third-party service provider or Company contributing to this project. Any and all updates are purely at the contributor's discretion.

## Need more help?

> Should you need help updating this project and can't contribute for any reason, please raise your request to your Bitmovin account team to discuss your request. We can assist in a number of ways, from providing you professional services help to putting you in touch with preferred system integrators who can work with you to achieve your goals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should you need further help, please raise your request to your Bitmovin account team. We can assist in a number of ways, from providing you professional services help to putting you in touch with preferred system integrators who can work with you to achieve your goals.
```

In the [/example/](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-react-native/tree/development/example) folder you can find a sample application showcasing many of the features of the Player React Native SDK.

## Reporting player bugs

> If you come across a bug related to the player SDK or the react native wrapper, please raise this through your support ticketing system accessible through your [Bitmovin Dashboard](https://dashboard.bitmovin.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you come across a bug related to the Player React Native SDK, please raise this through your support ticketing system accessible through your [Bitmovin Dashboard](https://dashboard.bitmovin.com/support/tickets).
```
